I’m happy that every event since the Big Bang occurred the way it did so that we could be together.
You can do anything if you can put your mind to it. But I know what kind of thoughts you have, so you might want to put it off for now.
You look like what Beyonce sounds like. 
You would be an interesting book.
Gender roles are for the weak. You, my friend, are not weak.
I hate myself for not talking to you.
You don’t let ANYONE make you feel like trash.
I can’t imagine my life without you. I have a vivid imagination, so I should be able to, but I just can’t.
Take a deep breath and eat some Cheez-Its.
You can catch flies with some honey, or you can catch some honeys by being fly.
The difference between thinking about you and talking to you is the difference between reading a love poem and being in love.
You make me forget about the inevitability of death.
Be the person whom you needed long ago.
If someone calls you ugly, just say "go fish." Because if they get to say something stupid, then so do you.
"Life finds a way." - Jurassic Park
"No man is good enough to govern any woman without her consent." - Susan B. Anthony
If you’re reading this, you have good thighs. Also, you can read. Congrats on both.
"I am not afraid. I was born to do this." - Joan of Arc
I think about you too much. That’s a little annoying, because I have to think about other things, like my GPA or what life would be like if I married Bill Gates.
You give me feelings whose meaning I’m not sure of. I absolutely adore that.
Imagine walking into a Yamaha store and having to choose between a piano and a motorcycle.
You have a cute butt.
You’re gonna do great things today!
Your personality is explosive.
When I'm in the hospital, guess who's my emergency contact number. That's right. My mom. The second one would be you though.
I love our inside jokes. Like I could point at someone and say "Patent Pending" and you'd be like "Yes... yes, I agree."
I admire your talents. Like how you can just sleep anyway in space and in time, despite comfort level.
When I zone out and daydream, it's nice to know I can snap back at any time and say "We should buy a lion." And you'd take it seriously.
"If you look for perfection, you will never be content." - Anna Karenina
Because we’re best friends, a lot of people ask, “Are you guys ever apart?” And I like how we look at each other and say, “Well, no… not really.” Because, well, we’re not.
Do you even know how cute you are?
You look good today!
Your hair is as smooth as the sunshine.
Smile today.
Your patience during my venting frustration is greatly appreciated.
I like texting you in the middle of the night. I'll still do that in thirty years. Getting ready for bed, I'll be like "Oy, mate. Just signed up for health insurance."
If I had 100 wishes, "to spend more time with you" would be about wish number 5.
There is no better feeling than being with you, with your arms wrapped around me. Except beating you at Monopoly. Now that's at the top of the list.
There are millions of possibilities for the future. You get to choose which one gets to be reality.
Aside from food, you’re my favorite.
I trust you with my passwords. Not that I'll give them to you. But if you discovered them, I probably wouldn't change them.
Sometimes I get that “I don’t want to be around here” feeling. That really means that you’re the only one I want to be around.
You’re cute. Like genuinely cute. Not like when people say, “Oh, that house is cute.” That house is not cute. Shut up.
I’m a lover, not a fighter. That being said, I will fight whoever hurts you.
People always want to travel the world. I want to know how many cookies in five minutes. You want to know whether you can eat more. That’s why I love you.
You don't wish to be Beyonce. Beyonce wishes she was you.
You know those days when you think, "It's gonna be a good day." But some bullcrap happens and you think "Well, that was naive." In those days, you really come in handy.
When you came into my life, it was like the Big Bang. Just nothing into everything.
I’m addicted to your kisses, like people are addicted to drugs. They have intervention for that kind of thing.
Much like the G in gnome, without you, there’s no me.
Sometimes I wake up in the morning and I get the oh-heck-no felling. I also get that when I say good-bye to you.
When you are in a relationship, you are not one person, nor are you two people. You are experience. Make it a good experience.
I like your face. But I bet your phone number is better.
From now on, all my birthday wishes will be about you.
Even though we may never meet again, I hope that time we locked eyes for a brief second before turning away was as special for you as it was for me.
You are so different from everyone else that I know. And, honey, I know a lot of people.
You make my dreams come true. But not the weird ones. Gosh, I hope those don’t become true.
"Love your neighbor as yourself." - Leviticus 19:18
Everyone told Vincent van Gogh, "You can’t be an artist. You only have one ear." You know what he told them? "I can’t hear you."
Everytime I lie in bed and think of you, I also think, "Welp, I’m not sleeping tonight."
You’re much cooler than Mr. Rogers. Now, that may seem superficial, but that man wore a different pair of shoes just to chill in his house. That’s cool, but you’re cooler.
You're so hot, you would melt the polar bear's homes. Not that you would. And even if you did, the polar bears would understand. That's not true. They'd be pretty upset.
You know how Pocahontas was like "Yo, John Smith. Check out this tree." And John Smith was like "Whoa, this tree talks. Let's make out." We should do that some time.
"In spite of everything, I still believe people are really good at heart." - Diary of Anne Frank
You're like a mosaic. To make a mosaic, you have to make a perfect sheet of glass, but then shatter it. But that mosaic ensd up being sexy.
"Fear can't hurt you anymore than a dream." - Lord of the Flies
You know those rocks that are empty on the inside and have a lot of crystals and cool rocky stuff. A geode! I like that stuff. It reminds me of you.
You're that "nothing" when people ask what I'm thinking about.
When the robots or flying squirrels take over the world, I would more than welcome you in my hideout. We could share food and deodorant.
I think the hardest thing about being your friend is pretending that I love my other friends as much as you. That’s freaking ridiculous.
Hanging out with you is better than those coloring menus at Olive Garden. Sometimes they have mazes.
Even in a black and white world, you still manage to stand out.
"Time for the charm bomb to explode." - Bob's Burgers
When you walk into a room, it's like a long piece in Tetris. Everyone just goes "Ooo, it's gonna get good!"
"I try my best to be just like I am. But everybody wants you to be just like them." - Bob Dylan
My worst fear is annoying you to the point that you stop talking to me. I sincerely hope that never happens.
Let’s run away together. Or walk. I’m very unathletic.
Imagine walking into a Samsung store and having to choose between a cell phone and a refrigerator.
I mean, we obviously have to partners when the teacher tells us to partner up. We look at each other with intention in our eyes and point awkwardly.
What if we really would be the last two people on Earth? We'd have such a party. I mean, we'd get super bored super fast, but it'd still be fun.
They say a dog is a man's best friend. That's true. Counting dogs, you are not my best friend. That's not a complement. What's this doing here? I'm sorry.
Imagine walking into a Bic store and having to choose between pencils and shaving razors.
You’re so sexy. I can’t keep my eyes off of you. Unless we’re playing Hide-and-Go-Seek.
Love can’t be bought, which is a good thing, because how much I love you is much more than I could ever afford.
Don’t ask why, but when you do something embarrassing, I find it strangely attractive.
You’re one of the few people who understand the entertainment and pure joy of doing nothing.
They say Disneyland is the happiest place in the world. Which is funny. I didn’t know being in your arms had a name.
You are not someone I'd ignore in public.
I like how I can just show up at your house whenever and even your parents would be like, "Ayyyy, wha's good?" And I'd have a good time with your family.
"Who doesn’t love an annoying brat with messy hair!" - Wreck-it-Ralph
Why do you depend on people to be happy? You are an interesting person all on your own.
You're like math. You're a little confusing but worth getting to know.
"You're on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who'll decide where to go." - Oh, the Places You'll Go!
"A person’s a person, no matter how small." - Horton Hears a Who
You’re so perfect and cute and you don’t even know it. Like a rainbow, or a tree.
It’d take a full time job to admire all the ways that you inspire.
They say not to end a story with “…then he woke up” so it doesn't end up being a dream. But everytime I talk to you, that’s how it always ends up. A dream.
Imagine a dog with a cat’s personality or a cat with a fish’s personality.
Feel bad? Whisper to yourself beep boop like a robot. Repeat until you are satisfied.
When I first saw you, I fell in love. Not like love love, but you smelled nice.
Smile at someone. They’ll need it.
"You must do the thing you think you cannot do." - Eleanor Roosevelt
I love you like Andy loved Woody. Except I would never replace you. Even with a man with wings.
Your name. I’ve never heard a song that sounded better. It's a maroon-colored name.
"You are a beautiful, talented, brilliant, powerful musk ox." - Parks and Recreation
I suck at the guitar, but I’d still play it for you. And you'd love it and that's why I love you.
"We can put a man on the moon but we're still basically stupid." - Seinfeld
You’re the kind of person people read books about.
You might not like compliments because you don't believe people actually like your face or personality. Well, I do.
"All you need is love." - The Beatles
I sometimes don't know what to do with my hands. Then you walk in and now it's like, "ooo, I can hold your hand." And then I go BWOOOP and we hold hands.
"A guy like you should wear a warning." - Britney Spears
You smell so nice. I want to wax your scent on a candle. On an unrelated note, I don't really know how candles are made.
"I know it is wet and the sun is not sunny, but we can have lots of good fun that is funny." - The Cat in the Hat
"That's what friends do. They forgive each other." - Shrek
Why don't you be with people to be happy? It's okay to ask for a little help, to talk with someone.
They say that if you love something, you should let it go. There's more to it, but I had stopped listening because I'm never letting go of you.
"I can’t go back to yesterday, because I was a different person then." - Alice's Adventures in Wonderland
Sometimes I'm so tired I can't even string together a coherent sentence. That's when I can count on you to know what I'm trying to say.
"From there to here, from here to there. Funny things are everywhere." - One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish
You know that one friend in horror movies that says “Hey we should split up” and he ends up dying. That friend is an idiot. You are not that friend.
"Doubt not, fear not." - Doctrine & Covenants 6:36
I like you like I like my favorite song. I sometimes tend to overplay my favorite song, though, and I get sick of it. Whereas, I never get sick of you.
"The heart of each held infinite sources of life for the heart of the other." - Crime and Punishment
Thank you so much for including me in your imaginary life, wherein you have a pool full of Jell-O.
I'd hug you so hard, you'd die from my love-oriented embrace.
I can't stay mad at you. Mostly because I have too many things to tell you.
I like when you give me long hugs and it kinda gets awkward but there's still a lot of love.
"I always thought I might be bad. But now I know it’s true. Because I think you’re so good and I’m nothing like you." - Steven Universe
